logistics.md, before:

# Logistics

Things that need considering / solving to make this run smoothly:

## Speaker onboarding
A simple Google doc that explains the event, asks if they are interested etc.

People will submit their available times, commitment and topics via a Google form.

All of the schedule will be coordinated on a Google sheets.

A very basic Discord server will be created that allows discussion without interrupting everybody, just a couple of channels and some threads.

## Hosting
The event will be hosted from a central, neutral account so that no one person gets all the "glory".

The added benefit of this is that if the space crashes due to bugs or connection issues key people will have access so they can restart the space.

Hosting will primarily be performed by GrahamTheDev, on a second phone connected to both internet and 4G failover for the best chance of one continuous space.

## No shows / illness
Additional hosts will be required at all times of the day as "on call" / backup.

Volunteers are welcomed!

## Number of events
Initially aim for 98 two hour spaces.

To make things run smoothly people will join 15 minutes before their given timeslot(s) and will DM in a event specific group chat to remind current host to start winding up.

A changeover script / process will be produced to make life easy for everyone.

## Promotion
I don't think this will need much deliberate promotion as we have some big speakers who will make it very visible

## Website
- 1 page site. 
- The event
- The speakers
- The schedule

After the event there will be the recording(s) added with relevant timestamps.

For ease this will probaly be done with a site builder / WordPress.

Commit message:

Speaker styles grouping idea added.

logistics.md, after:

# Logistics

Things that need considering / solving to make this run smoothly:

## Speaker onboarding
A simple Google doc that explains the event, asks if they are interested etc.

People will submit their available times, commitment and topics via a Google form.

All of the schedule will be coordinated on a Google sheets.

A very basic Discord server will be created that allows discussion without interrupting everybody, just a couple of channels and some threads.

**Tone / space type:** As some speakers have very clean reputations, and others are more chaotic, speakers should be arranged in a way where similar styles of space are bunched together so the audiences at each time are getting the type of space the expect. (e.g. If YK/Avie/DannyT ran a space, putting Graham/Deni straight after might be a bad idea)

## Hosting
The event will be hosted from a central, neutral account so that no one person gets all the "glory".

The added benefit of this is that if the space crashes due to bugs or connection issues key people will have access so they can restart the space.

Hosting will primarily be performed by GrahamTheDev, on a second phone connected to both internet and 4G failover for the best chance of one continuous space.

## No shows / illness
Additional hosts will be required at all times of the day as "on call" / backup.

Volunteers are welcomed!

## Number of events
Initially aim for 98 two hour spaces.

To make things run smoothly people will join 15 minutes before their given timeslot(s) and will DM in a event specific group chat to remind current host to start winding up.

A changeover script / process will be produced to make life easy for everyone.

## Promotion
I don't think this will need much deliberate promotion as we have some big speakers who will make it very visible

## Website
- 1 page site. 
- The event
- The speakers
- The schedule

After the event there will be the recording(s) added with relevant timestamps.

For ease this will probaly be done with a site builder / WordPress.
